---
week: "Week 15, 2026"
title: "System thinking daydreams"
permalink: /weeknotes/2026/4/12/week-15-2026
pubDate: 2026-04-12T00:00:00Z
image: IMG_8766.jpeg
caption: "Glad I got out on Thursday, the one sunny evening this week"
location: Paris
isbn:
 - "978-1603580557" # thinking in systems 
 - "9780593833902" # the names florence knapp 
 - "978-4062170024" # 憂鬱でなければ、仕事じゃない
---

Another nice, quiet week. I revisited Donella Meadow's *Thinking in Systems* and was very pleased that I understand the concepts much better than the first time I read it, prior to studying ontological coaching and Gestalt psychology. 

--- 

My brain seems busy, as my recent daydreaming looks like mapping Gestalt and system thinking concepts to novels and TV shows. 

Like applying Kurt Lewin's equation **B = f(P, E)**—behavior is a function of the person and environment—to *The Other Bennet Sister*. This starts as the story of Pride and Prejudice through the eyes of Mary Bennet, Elizabeth's "boring" sister. In the second half of the book, Mary leaves the clutches of her overbearing mother and their small community. She exists this Environment and moves into her aunt's loving household and the cosmopolitan environment of London i.e. a new Environment, which shapes new Behavior, which eventually leads to a new sense of self and finding happiness. 

Or thinking about Robert Harris's historical fiction, *Pompeii*, through the lens of feedback loops—specifically, the delays in feedback loops, both natural and manmade, and how information flow throughput is impacted by social hierarchy and greed. Which goes for the Netflix docuseries *Trust me: The False Prophet* about an FLDS polygamist sect, too. 

Open vs closed systems, compounding feedack loops, and information flows, everywhere I look... 

--- 

Conversation topics with peers and friends: 

* Different moments in a professional arc to invest in structured learning 
* What kind of work do we want to be doing in our 40s vs 50s vs 60s 
* Seeking impact vs contact 
* Increasing awareness of what's happening at different levels of system (self / interpersonal / group / system) 
* What are the characteristics of entrepreneurs that just go for it 
* Key leadership moments in a project arc and the general lack of feedback loops we have in place to recognize them as such 

